Slight rephrase for the association API endpoints (#23393)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/api-docs/system/secrets-sync.mdx

## Set Association

> This endpoint associates a secret referenced via its mount and name to an existing destination. Setting an association
> triggers a sync operation. If the secret is already associated with that destination, a duplicated association is not
> created but a refresh operation will be executed. This is useful to refresh the secret value on the external system
> or retry a failed sync operation if the underlying problem that caused the failure is now resolved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The set endpoint links a secret to an existing destination using the secret name
and mount path and triggers a sync operation. If the secret is already
associated with the destination, Vault performs a refresh without recreating the
link. Triggering a refresh is useful to push the secret to external systems
or retry a failed sync operation if the underlying problem that caused the
failure has been resolved.
```

Style correction: write in active voice, make it clear what takes action

## Remove Association

> This endpoint dissociates a secret referenced via its mount and name from an existing destination. Dissociating a secret
> triggers an unsync operation and the secret will be deleted in the external system. If no corresponding association exists,
> or if the secret no longer exists on the external system, the remove operation still succeeds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The remove endpoint unlinks a secret from an existing destination based on the
secret name and mount path, and triggers an unsync operation. Unsyc
operations delete the secret from the external system. The unsyc operation
reports success if the targeted association is removed, does not exist, or the
secret was already removed form the external system.
```

Style correction: write in active voice, make it clear what takes action
